(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
Bum Joon?
Mr. Shin.
The assistant pilot crashed the plane?
No, don't lower it. You pulled it up.
You pulled it for certain.
I lied.
What are you talking about?
You pulled it up.
You tried to fly the plane back up.
You did.
You pulled up...
the control wheel.
(October 11, 2015)
Juhan Air flight 801, you may approach.
Report back when you see the runway.
(October 11, 2015, 11:33am)
Mr. Shin, wake up.
Mr. Shin!
What's going on?
It'll be all right.
Mr. Shin.
Mr. Shin, wake up!
Mayday, mayday.
Jeju Tower approach!
Jeju Tower, come in.
Oh, no!
No!
- No! - Are we crashing?
My goodness.
Put this on.
What's going on?
Oh, goodness!
What is this?
What are we going to do?
Squawk 7700.
Mayday!
JH 801, Acknowledge!
There's no wind, let alone any turbulence.
Go ahead, JH 801.
Low altitude alert!
Mayday. Mayday, mayday!
Jeju Tower approach. Mayday!
JH 801, contact Jeju control!
I can't reach them.
It's slowing down.
Pull up. Go around!
Pull up.
Pull up!
He didn't lower it.
Hey, you can't drive now.
Kang Woo!
Move aside, you jerk!
You've been smoking, right?
Me?
It's not like I smoke because I want to.
I'm smoking against my will...
to make a living for you and Ju Won.
What?
Listen.
Do you remember the car cut-off frauds...
which our team has been after for months?
We happened to spot them planning another scheme...
at a grilled tripe place yesterday.
So?
We got a table next to them,
pretending like we're customers.
Then we grabbed a drink...
saying stuff about car insurance,
trying to sound like insurance con artists.
That's when...
they started to talk to us.
Then we started pouring drinks for them,
and when they got drunk,
they even asked our new kid, Jae Soo...
about how much he earns.
They even offered him a spot...
in case we don't treat him right,
and told us all about their schemes.
We got all of that on a recording.
And you couldn't help but smoke at that time.
Exactly.
I really didn't want to smoke.
You only got better at lying...
after you started working as a claims examiner.
I really didn't want to smoke.
You overwork every day,
sleep in a car,
drink, and smoke.
What if something happens to you,
and you end up leaving us behind?
Nothing will happen to me.
Goodness.
Will you please quit smoking?
All right. I get it.
That's my lifelong desire, Mr. Choi.
We're almost there, Mr. Park.
Yes.
Are you saying...
he didn't crash the plane on purpose?
Ms. Jang,
do you understand what Mr. Park said?
Wasn't that text message from Bum Joon weird?
Someone who's planning a suicide won't say that.
That's true, but...
Let's stay here for a bit.
Hey, Min Joon.
Aren't you going to say goodbye to your brother?
Have a good trip or whatever.
Aren't you going to call me your brother?
We're now even living together here.
I don't have a brother.
I don't have anyone like that.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I don't want to hear that.
Next time, call me your brother,
okay?
Bum Joon.
Who was it?
Who made you bear false witness?
Whoever it was...
I'll...
What are you doing?
Let's go to the office.
Nice car.
How many cars do you have?
Let me drive it.
Ms. Jang.
You're a good driver, Ms. Jang.
My dad ran a car center.
Car center?
- Auto repair shop. - I see.
He doesn't run it anymore?
Don't try to dig up my past.
I want to know your past.
My past? What past?
Did you come all the way here...
because of the text message?
A person planning to commit suicide...
wouldn't send that kind of message for sure.
Did you hack the USIM chip I threw away?
Mad Dog's gone too far.
What?
I heard your brother didn't commit suicide.
Your brother didn't crash the plane.
But you're too calm.
He didn't commit suicide?
Did Mr. Choi tell you that?
Great. Do you trust me now?
How can you be laughing?
Should I be crying then?
It's nothing to cry about.
Lee Mi Ran was alive,
and Ko Jin Chul killed her?
Do you have evidence?
How did you find Shin Ji Woong?
You were right.
Two years ago in Yeongwol. 5.1 million dollars.
Han Dong Yoon who lent his license...
is now the director of Hansaeng Hospital.
He laid low after getting fined.
But now he switched over to Hansaeng Hospital.
This time, he claimed Taeyang almost 2 million.
The upper management told me to pay it out.
Who gave that order?
I don't know.
Director Cha has the final approval of this one.
But cases like this usually gets...
Chairman Cha's approval.
Normally we don't deal with...
something like this as you know.
But the files came to Claims Examination Team...
since Hansaeng Hospital is a new hospital.
Hey.
I've been loyal to my company for 16 years,
but I'm a claims examiner to my bones.
Giving two million dollars to a repeat offender...
doesn't make sense.
I saw Mr. Shin in the hospital...
on a field examination.
I heard he retired after the accident...
and went to the US with his family.
Within two years,
he developed alcoholic dementia.
His family gave up on him.
They never visited him...
after putting him in the hospital.
When I was examining the case two years ago,
there was no mention of Mr. Shin's...
alcohol abuse in the file.
I had no reason not to believe his testimony.
(Fracture caused by a plane crash)
(Multiple fractures to skull and facial bones)
I'm sorry, Kang Woo.
What have I done?
You shouldn't be sorry.
There are others who should be.
Who?
The ones who covered it up on purpose.
Juhan Air has been selected as...
2017's best airline by the world renowned...
"World Air Transport" magazine.
It is a prestigious award well known...
for its professional and fair judgment.
It's called the Nobel Prize of airline industry.
Thank you.
Juhan Air is the first Asian company...
to be awarded the best airline by WAT magazine.
Congratulations.
How do you feel?
I'd like to thank...
all the passengers who love our airline.
Since we received this great award,
we'll provide unparalleled service to our customers.
On October 11, 2015,
Flight JH 801 crashed.
After two years,
you received an amazing award.
At the time,
a thorough health check...
on our employees had not been done.
We deeply regret our wrongdoings.
I would like to...
sincerely apologize again...
to the families of the victims.
Right after the accident,
Chairman Joo Jung Pil, your late father,
had a stroke and collapsed.
He has been in the hospital...
for two years now.
Some media are speculating...
that he actually passed away.
What are you saying?
Journalists should only report facts.
You can't spread false information.
I'm checking with you for accurate information.
- Sir. - Inheritance tax...
is about 150 million dollars, right?
You'll have to sell your shares...
in order to prepare that money in cash.
Because the management rights...
hasn't been succeeded,
you could lose the management control.
So people who like to talk...
It's not the people who like to talk.
It's the strategic shareholders.
With the rumor of death,
the stock price fluctuates violently.
They want to make profit from that.
(Daesung Daily, Bang Jin Seok)
Mr. Bang Jin Seok.
I am...
human too.
I'm not...
an immoral person...
who wouldn't give his father a funeral...
because of money.
My father...
The chairman...
will get better.
Jin Seok.
You can't ask a question that isn't on the list.
Why not?
Should I have stuck...
to the question list like I was told?
Then I wouldn't be a journalist.
Gosh.
I recommended you. If you act like this,
you can't work in this field anymore.
Goodness.
Jin Seok.
Do you know something about the death rumor?
I just threw it out there.
The king has to be alive...
in order for the crown prince to take his place.
(Daesung Daily, Bang Jin Seok)
Who approved this interview?
You said you'd do it yourself.
I did?
I'm sorry, sir. It's all my fault.
No.
I remember. I approved it.
I did approve it.
What's the lunch menu at the cafeteria?
It's banquet noodles.
Banquet noodles!
Is someone having a banquet?
So did you have the noodles?
Yes, I did because I like noodles.
Gosh, Juhan Air is doing really well.
A vice president skips lunch to do an interview.
But his secretary takes lunch...
instead of checking the question list.
So how did your noodles taste?
Was it delicious?
I'm sorry, sir. Please forgive me.
Don't overreact.
It wasn't that terrible.
I'll get hit three times.
Mr. Han.
Where is...
Mr. Lee Young Ho,
the manager of the Legal Affairs Team?
(The List of Juhan Air Stock Buyers)
They spent 10 million dollars wisely.
We should hold a funeral for Jung Pil.
I'll gather the stockholders soon.
What's Hyun Ki up to lately?
He's been quiet ever since you stopped the search...
on his company by Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
They say even a fly has its anger.
His life is long,
so what do you want me to do?
Then end his life.
I warned him to clean up the mess,
and he made it even worse.
Let me clean up...
I know nothing about this.
Your superior is still Hyun Ki.
Report the matter to him.
Yes, sir.
(Mad Dog, Dogs Who Bite Never Bark)
I'm sorry.
("Assistant Pilot's 3.4 Million Dollars ")
("Suicide or Accident?")
("It's Likely to Be the Assistant Pilot's Fault")
Kim Bum Joon.
("Suicide or Accident?")
Stupid punk.
("It's Likely to Be the Assistant Pilot's Fault")
(It's Likely to Be the Assistant Pilot's Fault")
If it wasn't Bum Joon's suicidal crash,
then why?
For what?
Who caused it?
(Life Insurance, Contractor: Kim Bum Joon)
("Ms. Cha Guarantees a Swift Indemnification")
("CEO Joo of Juhan Air Apologized Deeply")
("Chairman Cha Comforted the Bereaved")
(Life Insurance, Contractor: Kim Bum Joon)
Can we act on our own like this?
Noo Ri.
Don't you think of these from time to time?
"Why is my life..."
"so meaningless and in vain?"
An ex-convict is sitting near the police station.
That makes his life meaningless.
You live only once, so what's the point of...
being calculative and selfish?
I live only once,
so I should be bold and do something big.
You might cause big trouble if you...
don't tell this to Mr. Choi beforehand.
He must not be in his right mind now.
This operation is only between you and me.
It's our joint operation.
Let's get bold and cause a real scene.
No, why would I do that?
He's here.
Where's Kang Woo?
Why are you here?
Because I sent you the text.
You're impersonating your leader now?
You want to be sent to prison again?
How dare you call a detective as you please?
Ko Jin Chul was murdered.
- Did Kang Woo... - No.
Then who killed him when and where?
Last night, in the police station. Not sure who.
You need to find out now.
What nonsense are you talking about?
You didn't have to come all the way here.
It's just that...
What? You thought I'd be depressed?
We don't have much time.
We wasted two years already.
Let's go.
(Life Insurance, Contractor: Kim Bum Joon)
Why are you after...
the insurance company, Kim Min Joon?
Mr. Kim.
What are you doing here?
You examined through the original papers...
of my brother's insurance, right?
Didn't you find anything strange?
If so, I would've found out two years ago already.
You would've found out two years ago.
You're right.
You investigated the case two years ago.
Mr. Park.
Hand me all the papers regarding the accident...
you have in Taeyang Insurance.
(Director Kwon)
Hello, Director Kwon.
What?
It wasn't deposited?
I did transfer the money.
The manager of Claims Examination Team...
paid a visit to our hospital.
Ms. Cha.
You're not as good as your father.
We see each other again.
Mr. Jan Gebauer.
Call me Kim Min Joon,
Ms. Cha.
It's nothing.
The life insurance worth 3.4 million dollars.
I want to take out the insurance too.
How can I take out the life insurance...
worth 3.4 million dollars?
It's not Claims Examination Team's job.
Go talk to a consultant...
I just can't trust any consultant.
What if my consultant is someone like Lee Mi Ran?
How could she live in hiding for two years?
It's scares me so much.
What are you talking about?
Are you on drugs?
What?
What did you just say?
Nothing.
Maybe I'm on drugs...
like he just said.
So I can't take it out from the headquarters.
Then I'll take care of it myself.
What was that?
What do you mean?
You seem to keep many secrets from me lately.
No way.
That's not true.
You went to Kwongeun Medical Foundation...
for an inspection, didn't you?
Oh, that hospital is...
I'm glad to see your passion for work.
But I have already approved this case.
Stop everything, and process it.
Yes, Director Cha.
He killed himself in the police station...
of all places, so it became huge problem.
Are you sure he killed himself?
The only person who has motives for murder...
has an alibi.
Who? What's the alibi?
There were some guys taken in with him.
A former police officer who's a claims examiner,
and a young man who was a German citizen.
But at the time of Ko Jin Chul's death,
they were sitting right in the middle of the office,
so they have a strong alibi.
They were so loud because they came in a huge group.
That guy, Ko Jin Chul.
I think he was suspected of insurance fraud,
and someone died in every single case.
But they were mostly women without families,
so there's no one who'd want to kill him.
(Bathroom hallway's security camera)
You did see someone on the security camera...
of the bathroom hallway, right?
That's why you think it may be a murder.
Oh, well...
I'm not supposed to tell you this.
What is it?
That day, until the accident,
so until about 12:45 am,
the security camera was being checked.
What are you talking about?
Then are you saying you have zero footage?
This is highly confidential.
If this gets out,
we'll all lose our jobs.
Not here.
Hey!
Where are you going? There are no cameras.
If you can't find it, you must.
That's Mad Dog's motto.
Motto? Forget that.
So how will you find it?
(Jinguk Hangover Soup)
We're going to eat.
I'm so hungry.
Goodbye.
How dare you make a detective come and go...
Darn it, Kang Woo.
You made me look like an idiot.
Stop eating food from a convenience store.
This will become your flesh and bones.
Eat. Eat up.
This place is facing the police station's entrance,
but the camera is inside.
So I guess it's not here either.
Let's eat quickly...
and look around one more time.
- Eat up. - Sure.
You didn't bring two boxes of seonji last night.
You need to bring them today.
I don't have enough ingredients for business.
You have to bring them today, okay?
Last night.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Why? Do you need more radish kimchi?
Yes, this radish kimchi is amazingly delicious.
By the way,
if you open for 24 hours a day,
what time do you receive the ingredients?
Why do you ask?
This is my brother,
and he really loves seonji.
So I'm thinking about starting a business too.
It depends on the store,
but we usually get it before 1am.
Before 1am? Really?
Hey, you're a night owl. It sounds perfect.
Thank you. Your food is great.
Eat up.
I'll take what she's eating.
Okay.
There are many empty seats.
I let you drive my car yesterday.
Treat me a meal.
Didn't you think I drove to not let you get hurt?
Who would get hurt? Me? Why?
Forget it. Just be quiet and eat.
Are you only eating half? Why?
I don't have the appetite.
You should finish it.
You can't get sick.
You must like egg rolls.
[VIU Ver] E07 Mad Dog "Dogs Who Bite Never Bark"
-= Ruo Xi =-
My gosh, those tenants.
I thought you'd be sitting around crying.
Where have you been?
I'm not like you.
Two years ago,
you sat around at home crying, didn't you?
Then what did you do back in Germany?
I didn't cry like a kid.
I partied.
I splurged the 3.4 million dollars.
How splendid.
Both you and me.
Don't bring me down to your level.
Can you stop barging in without my permission?
I heard you visited Moo Shin.
Why do you need the investigation report?
None of your business.
Will you keep engaging in an individual battle?
I thought you didn't want to be on my level.
Then what? Did you think I'll join you...
saying, "We're a team now"?
Mr. Choi.
Do you trust me?
Because I can't trust you.
I'm proposing a give-and-take.
Take it.
The investigation report.
Okay, I'll take it.
What do you want me to give you?
Why do you want the original insurance files?
Before Lee Mi Ran died, she told me...
to go find the originals of the insurance policy.
And?
What do you mean?
You received the originals of the insurance policy,
yet you went back to Taeyang Insurance...
and asked for the investigation report. Why?
That's not fair.
You gave me just 1. You can't ask for 2.
Hey, life isn't fair.
Taeyang Insurance.
That's what she said.
Tae...
yang...
Insurance.
Insurance...
policy.
Originals.
Find it.
Find the originals...
of Taeyang Insurance's insurance policy.
What did she mean?
Exactly.
I have no idea either.
Taeyang...
Insurance.
Yes?
What?
You begged me to let you know...
if something happens, so I called you.
But his wife will be mad if she ever finds out.
How would she know?
She never comes back from the US.
What happened this morning?
He's been curled up...
and lying there for months now.
But today, he was on his back, watching TV.
I approached him thinking he's finally himself.
Oh, goodness. What's wrong?
Stop it, please. My goodness!
Nurse!
What was on TV at that time?
Just the morning news.
Around what time did this happen?
It was right before breakfast,
so around 7:20am.
The 23 passengers who were on board...
on flight JH 801 back in October 11, 2015,
agreed to the additional compensation...
regarding the damage suit filed against Juhan Air.
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho announced...
that Juhan Air will pay out additional...
compensation to all the passengers...
since the company was at fault...
for not checking the two pilots' health status.
I think he panicked...
because the accident and the suicide story...
were brought up again.
(Kimga Food Supply)
(Jinguk Hangover Soup)
(10:50pm, ox bone delivered)
Okay.
Okay. Come on.
What is it?
Ms. Jang.
Well...
Player Jang...I mean...
I wasn't trying to leave you out, Ms. Jang.
Well... Ms. Jang.
Let's go with a hit-and-run.
- I told you... - What?
Turn around.
- Okay. - Okay.
Hi. Welcome.
Did you...
see a car go by last night...
after midnight?
I'm sure there were lots of cars.
What's wrong?
My brother got hit by a car...
at the intersection.
I can't find the culprit...
because there are no surveillance cameras.
Goodness.
The camera in here doesn't record the street.
Ma'am, it's all done.
- Come over here. - Okay.
There was an accident last night.
Did you see anything?
- Last night? - Yes.
Around what time was it?
It was around 12:45am.
My truck was probably out there.
Do you want to check the dash cam?
Thank you.
- It's no problem. - That's good news.
Let's go.
- Go ahead. - Okay.
Deposit the money please.
Okay, I will. You should go.
- Okay. - Goodness.
There's a car entering the police station.
There's one that's leaving afterwards.
There are only two cars.
Show me the car that's entering the station.
Should I play it in slow motion?
Stop.
The car's from 2016, and its color is grand blue.
The dash cam near the fender.
The car is like new without a scratch.
That's Manager Park's car.
What?
What's up, Ha Ri?
What? I'm in front of your office.
She just hung up on me.
Gosh, her temper hasn't changed.
If it's true, we can't just sit here.
We should record Mr. Shin's testimony.
He's an incompetent.
We can't record him.
Even if we did,
nobody would believe him since his brain cells...
aren't functioning right.
Detective Jo.
Is that why Cheetah and Pentium are...
after the one who killed Ko Jin Chul?
You'll catch him first?
Is that what they're doing?
Just stay put for now.
The police want...
Ko Jin Chul's case to blow over quietly.
You might mess it up.
I'll look into it and let you know.
Thanks.
Don't mention it.
There's nothing I can't do for you.
Bye.
You knew him since you were a policeman, right?
Has it been over 20 years?
22 years.
(Poongnyeon Restaurant)
Yes.
That really is my car.
That's right. There was a car leaving...
when I was going in.
Did I score?
That was by sheer luck.
Why did you go to the police station?
Shouldn't we be suspicious of Manager Park?
Hey, you punk.
I went because I heard Ko Jin Chul was caught.
Play it fast.
Okay.
Play Moo Shin's dash cam.
He looks familiar.
- Make it clearer. - Wait a second.
Clearer.
Kang Woo, he is...
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho announced...
that Juhan Air will pay out additional...
Juhan Air Legal Affairs Manager.
Lee Young Ho.
With 10 million dollars from Taeyang Insurance,
we secured more stocks.
That old geezer.
He drove me crazy with 10 million dollars.
How about my father's funeral?
I'm thinking next weekend, sir.
That's perfect.
How about Ko Jin Chul?
- It's taken care of. - How?
It's better that you didn't know.
This is why I like you so much.
You know exactly what you should do.
All right then.
What should I give you as an award?
I'm already receiving more than enough.
From whom?
I've never given you anything.
But you are.
Am I?
How long have you been working here?
It's been four years.
Who recommended you? Was it Chairman Cha?
I believe Chairman Joo recommended me first.
That's right. He did.
After my father's funeral,
will you go back to Taeyang Insurance?
I belong to Juhan Air.
Trust me, sir.
I know.
I hope you never change.
He's a lawyer if he's the Legal Affairs Manager.
Why did he take care of Ko Jin Chul himself?
Because he's a lawyer,
Ko Jin Chul was killed instantly.
That means Ko Jin Chul let his guard down.
Nobody would be suspicious of him...
even if he came to visit a murder suspect.
Why do you think?
Because he's a lawyer.
(Delivery Ceremony of Insurance Policy)
He works for Juhan Air, right?
Why are you after Juhan Air?
I have a reason to.
What about Taeyang Insurance?
I told you already that Lee Mi Ran told me...
to find the original insurance policy.
It's not time yet.
Don't whine, and just wait.
Is it not time yet or will it never be time?
Did you know Taeyang Marine,
the affiliate of Taeyang Insurance, renewed...
Juhan Air's insurance a month before the crash?
Soon after that,
Cha Hong Joo became an executive director.
You don't understand the meaning of renewal.
They just renewed their existing coverage.
Taeyang was Juhan's insurance for 10 years.
I see.
So you're digging into Juhan Air...
without suspecting Taeyang at all.
- Kim Min Joon. - That's right.
I'm going to do that.
So...
you stay put.
Don't rush in like a fool who doesn't know anything.
You...
really can't make this work.
I guess you're still attached to Taeyang.
You ended up here...
because you get dragged around by stuff like this.
Yes. That's right.
So...
get out.
Why didn't you just tell him...
that he's the one who killed Ko Jin Chul?
Lee Young Ho killed Jin Chul.
Ko Jin Chul was after Kim Min Joon.
You think Lee Young Ho doesn't know Kim Min Joon?
It's better that we put them apart...
for his sake.
He wouldn't just do nothing.
He's not the type to do so.
I'm going home.
Taeyang Insurance, Cha Hong Joo.
("Cha Hong Joo Got Promoted to a Director")
Lee Young Ho.
Lee Young Ho of Juhan Air.
What about Taeyang Insurance?
I told you Lee Mi Ran mentioned it.
She told me to find the original insurance policy.
Did you know...
that Ms. Cha renewed Juhan Air's insurance...
a month before the accident?
(Delivery Ceremony of Insurance Policy)
(17th Floor, Restaurant)
Mr. Choi.
Why is Kim Min Joon here?
That punk...
Did you ask to see me?
Have a seat.
I think you're the only one...
who knows of everything.
Do ask me.
Insurance Planner Lee Mi Ran.
Was she...
alive?
You worked in Juhan Air for years,
but I know you're still my dad's person.
Soon,
you'll be my person too.
She was alive,
but not anymore.
You don't have to worry, ma'am.
What's this?
Do you still follow me?
Let's get out.
- Why? - Now.
Tell me what's going on.
Let's go first.
I'll ask you one more time.
Tell me what's going on.
What are you doing?
It's not great to let them know we're here.
They have breakfast together.
They look close with each other.
Juhan Air and Taeyang Insurance.
Kim Min Joon.
Don't get involved with that man.
Why?
He might've killed Ko Jin Chul.
You could get killed too.
Hong Joo.
Hi, Kang Woo.
Hi, Hong Joo.
What is it?
By any chance,
do you have something to tell me?
What about you?
Don't you have something to tell me?
I don't.
Same here.
I have nothing to say.
I see.
Mr. Choi, Lee Young Ho met...
Hong Joo.
Let's go.
What are you going to do?
What else can we do?
We just do what we always do.
Will you set a bait?
What bait are you using this time?
Maybe a shark.
I should set something suitable for her.
Hi, Moo Shin. Can I ask you for a favor?
What did you just say?
I'd like you to give me more time...
to examine the Kwongeun Medical Foundation case.
I thought I made it clear.
I clearly told you to process it...
since I handled the case on my discretion.
It's highly likely...
that the hospital is Han Dong Yoon's.
How much is the possibility?
Is it 60, 80, or 100 percent?
That's...
What about our detection rate...
for the last two years?
Is it over 20 percent?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I guess...
you don't deserve to be in...
the manager position of Claims Examination Team.
(Claims Examination Team Manager, Park Moo Shin)
Hi, Kang Woo.
It's all ready here.
Sorry, Moo Shin.
Don't be.
I'm the one who's sorry.
I should've done a better job two years ago.
No, it's not your fault.
Don't ever apologize to me from now on.
Head.
What is this?
Ko Jin Chul died.
It's the document related to his death.
I'm sorry I made you worry, sir.
Don't mention it. It's all right.
Did you come here to say that?
I came to ask you if your last offer is...
still valid.
You said you'll give me...
everything I ask for, didn't you?
Yes.
What is it that you want?
I want to return to Taeyang Insurance.
You want to come back?
Ko Jin Chul is dead now.
And I'd like to pay you back for waiting for me...
for the last two years.
It has the lowest fraud detection rate now.
I'll bring it up for you.
What will you do now,
Chairman Cha Joon Kyu?
Head.
I should've had a drink with you when you asked.
I'm sorry.
What should I do now,
Bum Joon?
This is the last day I'll drink.
(Taeyang Insurance Chairman's Secretary)
(New personnel appointments)
(Park Moo Shin, old position, manager)
(New position, assistant manager)
What's going on?
No solicitors allowed on the premises.
Where is Mr. Choi?
Who knows?
Do you want to know where he is?
Fifth floor.
Doors are opening.
(Taeyang Insurance)
Manager Park.
(Claims Examination Team Manager's Room)
What are you doing here, Mr. Choi?
What do you think?
I'm back in my place.
Back in your place?
Hello, Mr. Kim Min Joon.
I'm the manager of Claims Examination Team,
Choi Kang Woo.
(Mad Dog)
Why did you come back?
Thanks to the JH 801 case,
he was made known to the world...
and got promoted as well.
Stay under the radar.
Don't let people notice you.
I want to hold Juhan Air responsible.
The small fry just bit Hyun Ki.
I commend you, Mr. Kim.
Give me everything you found out by yourself.
So Joo Hyun Ki has it?
Get ready to take down a dog.
- It's not here. - What is?
Let's go, Ms. Jang.
Turn the car around and call them!
Wait. Stand still.